If you could go back in time and erase one thing you said or did, what would it be?
If your crush told you he liked your best friend, what would you do?
Have you ever eaten something off the floor?
What is the most childish thing that you still do?
Tell us about a time you embarrassed yourself in front of a crush.
Have you ever had a crush on a teacher?
Who do you prefer: your mom or your dad?
Do you pee in the shower?
Have you ever told a secret you promised to keep?
How old were you when you found out how babies are made?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve done to impress a crush?
If you could get surgery to look like any celebrity, who would it be?
If you could rob a bank and get away with it, would you?
If you had to swap lives with someone in this server, who would it be and why?
Have you ever pretended to like a gift you hated and what did you do with it?
If you had to date someone in this server, who would it be and why?
Have you ever started a rumor about someone else?
What would you do if you found out you were cheated on?
If you had to stop talking to one person in this server, who would it be and why?
What’s the longest amount of recreational time you’ve spent on your phone or computer?
If you were to become famous, what would it be for?
Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
What would you do if you were invisible for a day?
Have you ever been caught doing something you shouldn’t?
Which part of your body do you love, and which part do you hate?
What was the last thing you searched for on your phone?
What’s the first thing you would do if you woke up one day as the opposite sex?
Have you ever peed in the pool?
Do you sing in the shower?
What was your most embarrassing moment in public?
Have you ever farted loudly in class?
Do you ever talk to yourself in the mirror?
What would be in your web history that you’d be embarrassed if someone saw?
Do you talk in your sleep?
What does your dream boy or girl look like?
Have you ever walked into a wall?
Do you think you’ll marry your current girlfriend/boyfriend?
Have you ever farted and then blamed someone else?
What was the biggest lie you ever told?
What is the most illegal thing you have ever done?
Who is your favorite? Mom or Dad?
Would you trade your sibling in for a million dollars?
Would you trade in your dog for a million dollars?
If you were allowed to marry more than one person, would you? Who would you choose to marry?
If you could only hear one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If someone offered you $1 million to break up with your girlfriend/boyfriend, would you do it?
Have you even been to a foreign country?
If you get a chance to visit a foreign city/country, which one would be it ?
What do you do in your free time?
What do you wish you had more time for?
What kind of music are you into?
What music did you like when you were younger?
What’s your favorite band / singer?
Have you been to any concerts recently?
What type of movies do you like?
What’s your favorite movie?
Who’s your favorite actor / actress / director?
What’s the last movie you saw?
What’s your favorite food?
Do you like reading books?
What types of books do you like?
What’s the last book you read?
What is the longest you’ve been offline?
What’s on the internet that you couldn’t live without?
What was the best mobile game you’ve played?
What kind of kid were you when you were in high school?
How long have you known your best friend?
Do you prefer having a lot of friends or just a few close ones?
How many siblings do you have?
What accomplishment are you most proud of?
What awards or trophies have you won?
What is the next big thing you want to accomplish?
How comfortable are you with change?
Are you good at cooking?
What are you the best at cooking?
What are you the worst at cooking?
What was your most epic cooking failure?
Is there anything you are naturally good at?
What do you wish you were better at?
What are the most useful skills you have?
What skills would you like to learn?
What are some skills that you think everyone should learn?
Do you have any unusual skills or talents?
How often do you window shop?
Do you prefer shopping online or in person?
When shopping for clothes / shoes, do you prefer to shop alone or with other people?
What’s your best / worst habit?
Have you ever succeeded in breaking a bad habit?
What’s a good habit you’d like to start?
What’s a bad habit that you just can’t seem to break?
What are some things you want to achieve before you die?
What is the silliest goal you have?
What goals have you achieved so far?
How good are you at finishing what you start?
What goals have you realized just aren’t going to happen?
What social media platform do you use most often?
How much time do you spend on social media?
Have you ever went for fishing?
Have you ever tried a dating site or app? How did it go?
What super power would you like to have?
Which super hero movie / TV show is your favorite?
What stresses you out but really shouldn’t?
What feels illegal but actually it isn't?
What’s the best way to relieve stress?
What stresses you out the most?
If you could have any animal as a pet, what animal would you choose?
What three words best describe you?
What would be your perfect weekend?